Hello, and welcome.
I'm Michael Krasowski from Pluralsight.
I will be presenting the module, Applying Key Learning Objectives,
in the course, Kanban for Agile/Scrum Practitioners.
Well, you made it through the course.
Congratulations! The outcome of this module would be for me to
cover the key points of this course and encourage you to begin
applying what you've learned.
I won't reiterate things, but instead illuminate topics that
are important and are key takeaways for you.
Here are the key learning objectives for the module Kanban 201. Kanban
is a pull system because new work or demand is pulled into the system
and is only pulled when there is capacity to work it rather than pushed
into the system like more traditional business workflows. Kanban limits
work in progress.
I keep saying this since in our world today it seems no one limits anything.
Remember, limiting work reduces cycle time and increases quality of
work. Visualized workflows, there's no better way to see and
understand what is going on in your value stream.
The workflow that takes you from value demand, something that's
required, to value delivery, the requirement is satisfied by
minimizing waste, time, effort, and cost.
Here are the key learning objectives for the module Transitioning
from Waterfall Feature teams are likely a new thing if you're
coming from a traditional approach.
They are a group of individuals working on the same product features together;
hence, all the talent you need from analysts, developers,
user interface designers, quality assurance, database,
you name it.
Also, the same team sticks together until the feature is done.
Standups are pretty common today no matter what development methodology you use.
Standups facilitate cross functional and team discussions.
One of the main reasons why waterfall had so many issues is
that it did not have a good facility or structure to promote
open and honest communication.
Standups enable a shared visual view of your progress,
reinforce the value of your work, and provide a sense of belonging to your team.
Something also new with kanban is that work is performed in
small chunks with work in progress limits,
and we only pull work forward if the work is done based on your done rule
agreements. Customers can engage at any time and all the time and are engaged
feature by feature. As needed, the product team members attend to standups to
clarify requirements and help solve issues, and are therefore engaged
throughout the entire project. Your team can better react to customer feedback.
Since work in progress is limited,
you can more easily adjust to the customer's demands.
Here are the key learning objectives for the module Transitioning from
Agile. Time boxing causes artificial constraints on project changes,
customer feedback, release dates, and any process improvements. Kanban
removes the artificial sprint time box boundary and the additional
events like retrospectives and reviews while keeping the workflow moving
forward smoothly.
Kanban can identify and correct workflow issues more quickly.
All information will be visible and tractable on the board.
Each step will have two columns, Work in Progress and Done,
including the done rules. With kanban, you explicitly define what done means
for each step of the value stream, very important to quality.
Each Work in Progress column will have a limit on how much work
can be in progress. Since some of the basics are like agile and
Scrum that I see it as just refining your knowledge and skills and
not making major adjustments.
So rest easy, it should go pretty well for you.
Here are the key objectives of Managing your Workflow module.
You learned how to define your value stream.
You determined where to start and end your value stream.
That is what the process you will visualize and define.
This is where you have control and influence over your work steps.
You will discuss and negotiate with your upstream partners who will
provide requirements, prioritization, and other project artifacts,
such as budgets and resources,
and you will negotiate with your downstream partners who
can be those who put things into production, or even your
end users. Know your work types.
They can come in all shapes and sizes, such as features,
bugs, user stories, issues, research needs, to just name a few.
Also,
it is important to know your sources from where those work types come
from, such as sales, engineering, executives or vendors,
for example.
Understanding these will help you determine how best to
fill out your card, color code it,
place it in the right swim lanes, and therefore how best to handle it.
A work task is only done when the done rule is satisfied.
Everyone knows what the done rule is and what it
means for every value stream step.
That is why we have the additional Done column to clearly
de‑mark that the work task is done.
We clearly display the done criteria for each step
above its column. Kanban limits work.
This is a very powerful concept of kanban, and kanban limits work
as follows. If you work on one item at a time,
never two, it doesn't mean that an item can't go on hold
and then pull another one forward.
Pull only completed work forward.
If the done rule is not satisfied,
don't touch it, else you'll compromise quality.
Each step is allocated a limited capacity.
Now, you can change the capacity any time based on the
fact that you can see a bottleneck.
The only reason for a buffer is to ensure that there'll be a
work task ready to pull when that resource is available. In
theory, a buffer of 0 would be perfect,
but that wouldn't be realistic, and having a buffer keeps things running smooth.
A blocker is something that's restricting the flow of work,
so therefore, blockers are things we want to handle ASAP.
So part of your daily stand up is any discussions around
blockers and what to do if it is out of control,
which means you need an escalation process and policies clearly understood
by everyone to help you solve and overcome your blockers.
A bottleneck in a process flow is anywhere that an accumulation
of work builds up waiting to be processed.
Here are the key objectives to the module Organizational Challenges. Now,
management or your team members may pose some key challenges.
Why is this better?
Will it save money? Will it be faster?
Will this be disruptive?
Why should I change?
You need to present a solid plan and approach to management and get their
buy‑in because you will need their support to ensure success.
Kanban may be a steep learning curve for some of your team members,
so provide kanban training, online tools,
expert consultants, and most importantly,
hands‑on, real life experience to get your team
moving forward. Just get started.
Organize the backlog, document the value stream, set up the board, determine your work in progress limits, create your done criteria, and go.